c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\Ioc.Service.dll
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\Ioc.Service.pdb
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\obj\Debug\Ioc.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\obj\Debug\Ioc.Service.dll
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\obj\Debug\Ioc.Service.pdb
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\Ioc.Service.dll.config
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\Ioc.Core.dll
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\Ioc.Data.dll
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.WebHost.dll
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\Ioc.Core.pdb
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\Ioc.Core.dll.config
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\Ioc.Data.pdb
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\Ioc.Data.dll.config
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.WebHost.xml
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\abdulrahman.hossam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IocNew\Ioc.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
